Create 2021-06-10.md (#3)
erlef/machine-learning-wg: minutes/2021-06-10.md

# 2021-06-10

## Attendees

*   José Valim (@josevalim)
*   Robert Bates (@arpieb almost everywhere)
*   Jonatan Kłosko
*   Sean Moriarity (@sean_moriarity)
*   Paulo Valente (@polvalente)
*   João Guilherme
*   Tom Rutten

## Notes

*   Machine Learning WG related PRs to Erlang/OTP
    *   [https://github.com/erlang/otp/pull/4537](https://github.com/erlang/otp/pull/4537)
*   Nx requires Erlang/OTP 24 because it uses the 16bit encoding and the fixes for handling negative and positive floating zeroes
*   Sean is looking for contributors to write guides for neural networks for common datasets using Axon
*   Sean added training callbacks to Axon and plans on adding more hooks

> *   Sean mentioned there is still a bug between CUNN and the Erlang VM which he will report to the Erlang's issues tracker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Sean mentioned there is still [a bug](https://github.com/elixir-nx/nx/issues/197) between cuDNN and the Erlang VM which he will report to the Erlang's issues tracker
```

*   João asked about the interest on TPU and we remarked we are generally interested but the XLA bindings for TPU are Python specific. We will see how libtpu and alternatives evolve before we move forward
*   Tom mentioned contributions of new datasets to scidata are welcome
*   The group agreed on focusing on streaming support across Nx, Axon, and Scidata to be explored in the medium term

> *   Jonatan shared updates on Livebook such as the new explore section, inputs, vega-lite, and the new [Kino](https://github.com/elixir-nx/kino/) project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Jonatan shared updates on Livebook such as the new explore section, inputs, Vega-Lite, and the new [Kino](https://github.com/elixir-nx/kino/) project
```
